Feat: Adds `Modal` component (#1615)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/components/molecules/modal.mdx

---

## Import

Import the component from <a href="https://www.faststore.dev/reference/ui/get-started-faststore-ui">@faststore/ui</a>

```tsx
import { Modal, ModalHeader, ModalBody } from '@faststore/ui'
```

Import Styles

```tsx
import '@faststore/ui/src/components/molecules/Modal/styles.scss'
```

---

export const ModalBase = () => {
  const { modal, openModal } = useUI()
  return (
    <>
      <Button variant="primary" onClick={() => openModal()}>
        Open Modal
      </Button>
      {modal && (
        <Modal>
          {({ fadeOut }) => (
            <>
              <ModalHeader
                onClose={() => fadeOut()}
                title="Modal Title"
                description="Modal description"
              />
              <ModalBody>
                <p>This is the ModalBody</p>
              </ModalBody>
            </>
          )}
        </Modal>
      )}
    </>
  )
}

export const ModalTemplate = () => (
  <UIProvider>
    <ModalBase />
  </UIProvider>
)

## Usage

<Tabs items={['Example', 'Code']} defaultIndex="0">
  <Tab>
    <OverviewSection>
      <ModalTemplate />
    </OverviewSection>
  </Tab>
  <Tab>

>     ```tsx 

Reviewer: Please, check the indentation here

---
description: Modals are dialog windows that sit on top of an application's main view.
sidebar_custom_props:
  image: https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/Modal___16993b8e327f3571529d7ee4e97cb45b.png
---

import { Tab, Tabs } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import PropsSection from 'site/components/PropsSection'
import { TokenTable, TokenRow, TokenDivider } from 'site/components/Tokens'
import { OverviewSection } from 'site/components/OverviewSection'
import {
  Modal,
  ModalHeader,
  ModalBody,
  useUI,
  UIProvider,
  Button,
} from '@faststore/ui'

<header>

# Modal

Modals are dialog windows that sit on top of an application's main view.

</header>

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Modal` component is a compound of the following:
```

- `Modal`: Dialog windows with card style base.

> - `ModalHeader`: Optional header component for Modal, with title, description, and close button.
> - `ModalBody`: Optional Body component wrapper to contents for modal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `ModalHeader`: Wraps the Modal header. It may contain a title, description and a close button. (Optional)
- `ModalBody`: Wraps the Modal body content. (Optional)
```

---

## Import

Import the component from <a href="https://www.faststore.dev/reference/ui/get-started-faststore-ui">@faststore/ui</a>

```tsx
import { Modal, ModalHeader, ModalBody } from '@faststore/ui'
```

Import Styles

```tsx
import '@faststore/ui/src/components/molecules/Modal/styles.scss'
```

---

export const ModalBase = () => {
  const { modal, openModal } = useUI()
  return (
    <>
        <Button variant="primary" onClick={() => openModal()}>
            Open Modal
        </Button>
        {
            modal && 
            <Modal>
                {({ fadeOut }) => (
                    <>
                        <ModalHeader
                            onClose={() => fadeOut()}
                            title="Modal Titlte"
                            description="Modal description"
                        />
                        <ModalBody>

>                             <p>It is a ModalBody</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                            <p>This is the ModalBody</p>
```
